c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll.config
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\cl.riobaker.DAL.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
c:\users\rodrigo-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll.config
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\cl.riobaker.DAL.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
D:\TFS\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll.config
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.dll
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\Disofi2017\Desktop\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\Reporte_Log_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Reporte_Log_Usuarios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
